[beep]
Hmm. Oh, yeah. It looks great on you.
-[pensive music playing]
-[monkey screeches]
You're the height of fashion, Kageyama.
Wait till everyone gets a load of this.
[Ritsu] Hey, bro.
So, you're gonna wear that out, are ya?
I can borrow it sometime?
Nah, I'm good, but thanks for offering.
[chuckles nervously]
Uh. Why are you taking your jacket off?
And what's with that shirt?
Leave it on, 'kay?
Your jacket has a better defense stat.
[Mob] I'm finally popular.
Dear brother. You deserve this. Congrats.
I don't think
it's a misunderstanding at all.
You're wrong on this. Just accept that
before you end up getting hurt.
[Dimple] I can't.
What am I even lookin' at here?
Who came up with this design?
And what would possess you to put it on?
I'm worried about you,
that's how lame it is!
I can't stand the sight of it!
Seriously, how could this have happened?
Were you just not thinking?
I have to know. Did you pull that
out of a bargain bin somewhere?
Or could it be…
You are actually under the
impression that it looks good.
Is that what's goin' on here?
Is your taste so-- [gasps, whimpers]
His energy is growing.
Is he about to attack?
["1" playing]
[song concludes]
[pensive music playing]
DIVINE TREE 3 ~DIMPLE IS~
[believers gasp, whimper]
[believer 1] Look at that light.
Do you think
that's Master Psycho Helmet's power?
I wonder what could possibly be going on
inside the Divine Tree.
-[indistinct chatter]
-Pretty.
-[electricity zaps]
-[wind whooshing]
[Dimple sighs deeply] What a relief.
I thought he was about
to blow for a second there.
What was that about?
Wasn't something I said, was it?
I hope you're not feeling defensive
about that ridiculous shirt of yours.
[yelps] All right, here it comes,
better get ready!
Godly Barrier!
What the…
Well, that was easier than I expected.
Hey, what's wrong?
[Mob grunts, breathes shakily]
[Dimple] I don't sense
any power in him at all.
-He's totally empty and defenseless.
-[eerie music playing]
[Dimple]
Did the Divine Tree drain him completely?
That can't be. Just a second ago,
all kinds of energy
-was flowing out of him like air…
-[wind whooshes]
[Dimple] …escaping from a popped balloon.
[scoffs] Feels like you exhausted
the rest of your energy on purpose.
Is that it? But why?
Givin' up on me?
All done tryin' to make me see the light?
Are you really gonna let it end like this?
After I went to the trouble of changing
into my God form and everything!
Come on. Hello?
You asleep or what, Shigeo?
I thought you weren't going to accept
what I was doing,
so what's this attitude all about?
At this point,
I possess the power of a god.
How are you gonna stand up to me
the way you are now?
[growls]
[sword swishes]
You're facing a foe more powerful
than any you've seen before.
If I so desired,
I could end this right here
with the slightest move of my finger.
[Mob] You could.
But I know you're not going to.
I get it now.
I wanted to talk to you,
and my powers were complicating things.
This way,
we'll be able to have a conversation.
See? I was right, Dimple.
-I can trust you.
-[Dimple sputters]
-[chimes]
-[Dimple] Trust?
Really?
How do you figure?
It's simple, really.
You gave me your honest opinion
of my shirt.
[monkey screeches]
[Mob] You're the same Dimple
you've always been.
Hold on a second.
This isn't making any sense.
You've got a serious problem
with how I'm doin' things, right?
You can't be thinking of leaving me
to my own devices here!
Look at me. I'm dangerous.
You're not dangerous. That's not it.
What?
I think you just let yourself
get carried away.
It happens to all of us sometimes.
-[sentimental music playing]
-[Mob] Master Reigen said so too.
-[chimes]
-Carried away?
I'll have you know
the confidence you're seeing
is the result of a bunch of hard work.
Don't mistake me for someone
who suddenly decided
to get all full of himself.
[Mob] It's okay. I went through it too,
so I know how it is.
Huh? In my experience, if anything,
you're usually way too hard on yourself.
Well, this time, I got carried away.
Sorry.
[Dimple exclaims] Now, you're apologizing?
What is this, some half-assed attempt
to gain my sympathy or somethin'?
No, it's true.
That's why I wasn't able to hear
what you were trying to tell me.
Why not give the schemes a rest?
Looking back,
we should've talked things out then.
But at that point,
I was so focused on popularity,
I let myself lose sight of something
way more important.
Sorry, Dimple.
You were chasing your dream
for such a long time.
And when it seemed like
it was finally within reach,
you asked me to be part of it with you.
Even though you were able to do it alone,
you still wanted to include me.
It's so clear now.
That was the part
that really mattered here.
I was wrong, it wasn't a scheme.
This was about the two of us
making your dream come true.
Together.
The fact is, even when I doubted you,
you trusted me.
Thank you.
Hey, now, cut it out.
I don't need you going around
making up stories about my feelings.
Man, I'm grossed out all over
after listening to that nonsense.
-[reflective music playing]
-[Dimple] Something feels off.
This isn't anything like
I was expecting it to be.
I finally amassed all these followers.
And the path ahead is clear to a world
where I'm the center of everything.
I've effectively become a god,
just like I always wanted,
and it's no fun at all.
There are so many things
I don't get about that guy.
Like how he won't use
his psychic powers in everyday life.
Or how he never goes along
with any of my awesome ideas.
And that indecisive nature of his
bugs the crap out of me.
But then, there's the fact
that he wants the girl he likes
to pay attention to him.
Now, we're talking about something
I can actually relate to.
I want people to see me. To know I exist.
After what happened with (LOL),
he noticed me,
even though I was a ghost.
He didn't fear me. He didn't shun me.
Instead, he accepted me
for who and what I was.
My first thought
was to use him to my advantage.
But at the same time,
I could feel a certain tension inside me
gradually starting to dissipate.
Has being around the unmotivated Shigeo
caused me to lose sight
of my own goals and ambitions?
What? To hell with that.
I'm gonna lose my whole reason for being.
Look, I still have more to do!
Do ya hear me?
I've got things I want to accomplish.
Ambitions!
Yeah. Sure.
So, share them with me.
I want to hear all about them,
as your friend.
[scoffs]
You know what? Screw gods and followers.
I never realized this before. But…
All I really wanted was a friend.
Hey, Shigeo.
You're truly one of a kind, you know?
Okay, that's it.
I'm done messing with people's minds.
I'm going to erase everyone's memories
of the fake Psycho Helmet I invented
and undo their brainwashing.
Without the energy
generated by their worship,
my godly powers will vanish.
And I'll just go back to normal.
-[Mob] Are you okay with that?
-Huh?
I thought becoming a god
-was important to you.
-[Dimple exclaims]
[gasps] You're the one
who thought it was such a bad idea
you took it upon yourself to come
all the way down here and stop me!
Oh, yeah. Good point.
[laughs]
[laughs hysterically, breathes heavily]
-Let's go home, huh?
-[Mob] Yeah. [groans]
Uh-- Whoa!
Hey, Shigeo, are you all right?
I guess
I exerted too much power after all.
[Dimple] Well, in that case,
it's only natural!
-[groans softly]
-[scoffs]
You're as hopelessly awkward as ever,
aren't you?
Come on, then. Here.
[Mob breathes shakily]
[both grunt]
[sentimental music playing]
[Dimple] Back when you first joined
the Body Improvement Club,
you were like this pretty much every day.
[Mob] Hey, Dimple.
How long will you look like that?
Until my godly powers naturally run out,
which will probably take
about a week or so.
[Mob] Then could you drop me off
at my place
and come back in about a week?
[gasps] You know, you could hold back
a little every once in a while, kid.
I almost forgot.
We still need to do something
about this broccoli.
[Dimple] How were you planning
to deal with it originally?
Pick it up with my powers
and drop it in the ocean.
[Dimple] Huh?
There's no way that you could--
You know, when it comes to you,
I don't even believe those words
as I'm saying them.
[Mob] This is an impressive broccoli.
It could've been an amazing tourist spot.
I feel kind of bad about this.
But we don't have much choice.
[Dimple] People's imaginations
have a tendency to get captured
-by anything mystical or extraordinary.
-[indistinct chant]
[Dimple] This broccoli will probably be
in the back of their minds
for some time to come.
-Dimple.
-Huh?
[Mob] I'm starting to get really sleepy.
Can you wake me up when we get home?
What kind of a thing is that to ask for?
What do you think I am, your servant?
[sighs, tuts]
You better not drool on me.
[Dimple] I said we should go "home,"
but now, that I think about it,
I've got nowhere to go home to.
And no goal, now.
So, what do I do?
-[Psycho Helmet] Hey.
-[Dimple gasps]
What the…
-[vines rustle]
-[haunting music playing]
[Dimple] Psycho Helmet.
But I haven't been exercising control
over the Divine Tree in a while.
So, what's going on? Who are you?
This is wild,
and I don't like the looks of it.
The Tree absorbed my feelings
and those of my followers,
and it has now gained consciousness.
If that consciousness
has taken on the personality
of Psycho Helmet,
and has been waiting patiently
for the opportunity
to take control of this vast,
rudderless accumulation of energy…
[vines rustle]
Uh-oh. [breathes deeply]
-[Psycho Helmet] The boy.
-[Dimple gasps]
[Psycho Helmet] Leave him behind.
Sustenance.
Better wake up, Shigeo.
We're in serious trouble!
[Dimple gasps]
Oh, boy!
Hey, Shigeo!
Time to join the land of the living!
He's sound asleep.
[exclaims]
Godly Beam!
-[wind whooshes]
-[grunts]
[gasps]
[growls]
[grunts, groans painfully]
You bastards!
Give Shigeo back, damn you!
[intense music playing]
[Dimple] Wait here, okay?
Hmm?
[Psycho Helmets chant]
Hand him over. Hand him over.
[Dimple grunts]
[yells]
[Psycho Helmets chant]
Hand him over. Hand him over. Hand him…
[Dimple grunting]
[Psycho Helmet] Hand him over.
[Dimple yells]
[howls]
[Psycho Helmets groan]
[Dimple] Huh? [gasps]
[wind whooshes]
[Dimple gasps, groans]
[Psycho Helmet breathes, growls]
[Dimple yells]
What the…
[Psycho Helmets chant] Hand him over.
-[Dimple grunts]
-[Psycho Helmets chant] Hand him over.
-[Psycho Helmets chant] Hand him over…
Hey, could this thing really be
draining away… [gasps]
-[Psycho Helmets groan]
-[Dimple] …all of my powers?
-[Psycho Helmets chant] Hand him over…
-[grunts]
[groans]
[dramatic music playing]
Godly Beam!
[grunts, screams]
[grunts]
[groans, grunts]
[yells]
[breathes heavily]
[gasps]
-[Psycho Helmet] Hand him over.
-[Dimple grunts]
[yells]
[Psycho Helmet groans]
-[Dimple howls]
-[Psycho Helmet groans]
[Dimple growls]
[breathes heavily]
[groans, screams]
[epic music playing]
[screams]
-[screams]
-[music concludes]
Look who finally woke up.
Are you able to move now?
[Mob] Nope. Can't move a muscle yet.
-Can't see too well, either.
-Mm. Understood.
I remember hearing a really loud noise.
Did something happen?
Not that I know of.
Must have been a dream.
Are we still not home yet?
Nah, I had to take
a little bit of a breather.
-Turns out I'm pretty beat myself.
-Oh.
Shigeo. In my entire existence,
this is the first time
I've ever used this much power.
But you've been walking around,
holding this kind of power
inside you your whole life.
After all this,
I've gained some perspective
on what a truly amazing feat that is.
In that light,
getting a big head at the thought
of being popular
is honestly pretty adorable.
Anyone else with access
to the amount of sheer power you've got
would've grown full of themselves
ages ago. And yet, in your case…
[chuckles] You're a real man.
Ya got big things ahead of you.
[heartwarming music playing]
[Dimple] In his current state,
my brainwashing would actually work.
Listen carefully.
These are the first and last orders
I'm going to give you.
First, awaken. Stand up, Shigeo.
[Mob groans]
I don't have any strength in my legs,
and my arms won't move.
I know your body's wrecked,
but do it anyway.
-Stand up. You have to stand…
-[Mob breathes shakily]
[Dimple]
…even if it feels like you can't.
And you have to walk forward
on your own two feet.
-[Mob grunts]
-[Dimple] Go.
[Mob] What about you?
Uh. I have this errand
I need to run on my own.
-You go ahead.
-'Kay.
[wistful music playing]
[gasps]
[Dimple chuckles softly]
[Dimple] Take care, kid.
[rumbling, thudding]
-[explosion]
-[wind whooshes]
-[ground rumbling]
-[debris clatters]
[music concludes]
[Psycho Helmet growls]
[growls]
[crash]
[Mob] Um. Let's go home.
Okay?
Let's go home.
["Exist" playing]
Hey, bro! This news story is insane.
You don't have anything
to do with it, do you?
[reporter] Would you look at that?
This exclusive footage
was filmed just moments ago.
The so-called Divine Tree,
which recently appeared out of nowhere,
has risen into the sky
and is floating away.
What possible explanation could there be?
[Ritsu] I don't know
who could be responsible
or why they would do such a thing.
How strange.
Oh, hey, speaking of strange,
my memories from this evening
seem to be a little bit hazy.
How about you, Shige?
I don't remember a thing.
I couldn't even tell you how I got home.
You don't say.
In that case, it might be
that we're looking at group hypnosis.
When it comes to stuff like this,
Dimple's the resident expert.
I'll ask him about it.
Uh, hey, bro. Everything okay?
Yeah. Fine.
Just need to rest for a bit.
[song concludes]
[Mob] I can't remember.
[breathes shakily] I can't remember. But…
Dimple, thank you. [sobs]
Thank you for being my friend.
-[sobs]
-[wind whooshes]
[Mob sobs softly]
-[intense music playing]
-[Reigen] I'm sorry, what was that?
Going up to the summit
of Mount Mud Boat to summon UFOs?
And I'm supposed to drive you?
You can't be serious!
Next time, on Mob Psycho 100 III,
Episode Seven,
-"Transmission One ~Winter Break~."
-[music concludes]
[Reigen] Home video? Yes, indeed,
that is an excellent decision.